Widget endpoint docs (#144)
resource-watch/doc-api: source/includes/internal/_widget.md

# Widget

> 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This section describes some aspects of widget functionality that are only available to other microservices and cannot be invoked by actual API users.
```

## Updating the env for all widgets for a dataset

> Example PATCH request that sets all widget for the given dataset to the defined env:

```shell
curl -X PATCH "https://api.resourcewatch.org/v1/widget/change-environment/<dataset_id>/<env>" \
-H "Authorization: Bearer <microservice-token>" \
-H "Content-Type: application/json"
```

> This endpoints updates the `env` value of all widgets associated with the given dataset id. It's only available to other microservices, and cannot be called directly by an API user. Its currently used when a dataset's `env` value is updated.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This endpoint updates the `env` value of all widgets associated with the given dataset id. It's only available to other microservices, and cannot be called directly by an API user. It's currently used when a dataset's `env` value is updated.
```
